hi guys so today I wanted to show you
guys our family command center which is
in the kitchen so if you're interested
in that video just stay tuned okay so
here is the family command center which
is right centrally located in the
kitchen so it starts up at the top and
it goes only down onto this black shelf
so I will zoom in to get close to show
you guys each little section so the top
section is just our laundry schedule
I've already done a laundry schedule
video I can link that below if you want
to know a little bit more about that and
here is just the chores it's kind of the
chart of what to clean in each room so
it's just a little list there and then
here is my menu planning board so I just
have September menu plan haven't even
wrote it out yet and then a couple of
mergency contacts for the kids and then
here are some written up menu plans that
I've had over the couple of months so
that's there and I also use this board
for any of personal stuff like if
someone gets invites us to a birthday
party a wedding anything like that will
go pin get pinned up on this board and
then this is just our kind of our weekly
or up-and-coming board I do have a
planner I can link that video below but
I use my planner for all of our
activities and stuff and each Sunday I
would just write what's going on for the
upcoming week I don't have a monthly
counter calendar for everybody to look
at I just use the planner and transfer
each week onto here
upcoming events we don't want to forget
we put at the top here things you may
need anybody can write it in what they
want or need there this one is mostly a
school board we have a school lunch here
we've got some box tops here but you've
got baseball schedules here the one year
school kind of calendar of events there
school money envelope I like to put a
couple dollars in there for if there's
something going on like book sales or
anything like that I think I have
on hand cash to give the kids this is
just lunch money if they ever want to
eat at school we have to send in the
money in an envelope that Monday before
they eat so that's what that is any
other school stuff that we need to know
or like when we have fun days or this
and that
I will tack up on this board and then
here we have a our job charts and all I
have is the kids have a little this is
like a dry erase thing they mark off
when they get their chores done if they
do extras they put in how much I told
them the extra would be it'll go there
and then these are just their chore
cards so they know what to do as far as
in a room so that's all for the kids
chore cards and charts there and then we
have this top shelf is their snack bins
and this just depends on whatever I buy
for groceries that week that's what
those into their snack bins I got snack
pens at the Dollar Tree so they're
really soft and they're foldable and
everything so that's there and I have my
do not touch bin and that just has like
my driving mate dry erase markers
permanent markers pencils pins extra
little thumb text I'll keep that in
there I don't have them touch it because
I'm gonna be able to find it when I need
it so they have plenty of their own
stuff so I keep that there and then the
second shelf is just our mail shelf
Jimmy's parents used to live with us so
we still have one label Grandma and
Grandpa's mail and then we have just our
regular mail bin and then large mail
such as coupons ads magazines and stuff
like that and then the last two shelves
we just keep lunchboxes on so then I
have my plates to my George Foreman
they're right there but it's just uh
that's where we keep lunchboxes so that
is pretty much it a basic family command
center that everyone can kind of peek at
you don't have to really ask what's for
dinner it's usually up there if you
forget your laundry day you can peek up
there if you need something right on
there well I know what's going on or
what time you have to be to an
appointment you look here school lunches
up there it's simple mail stuff snack
for very quick simple and easy and right
in the kitchen so I hope you guys
enjoyed the video and I'll see you on
the next one bye